(owl hooting)
(gentle music)
- I came to say goodbye.
- But why, Boris? Why?
- [Boris] I've met up
my mind. I'm going away.
- [Domini] Then I shall be alone.
- That journey into the
desert you've spoken of,
you will take it alone.
- What else can I do?
- [Boris] Once you said to
me that peace and happiness
might be found there.
You give me hope.
And now, now we have to say good bye.
- Good bye.
(wistful synthesizer music)
♪ Lying in my bed, I hear the
clock tick and think of you ♪
♪ Caught up in circles ♪
♪ Confusion is nothing new ♪
♪ Flashback, warm nights ♪
♪ Almost left behind ♪
♪ Suitcase of memories ♪
♪ Time after ♪
♪ Sometimes you picture me ♪
♪ I'm walking too far ahead ♪
♪ You're calling to me ♪
♪ I can't hear what you've said ♪
♪ Then you say, go slow ♪
♪ I fall behind ♪
♪ The second hand unwinds ♪
♪ If you're lost, you can
look and you will find me ♪
♪ Time after time ♪
♪ If you fall, I will catch
you, I'll be waiting ♪
♪ Time after time ♪
♪ If you're lost, you can
look and you will find me ♪
♪ Time after time ♪
♪ If you fall, I will catch
you, I will be waiting ♪
♪ Time after time ♪
(wistful synthesizer music continues)
♪ After my picture fades ♪
♪ And darkness has turned to gray ♪
♪ Watching through windows ♪
♪ You're wondering if I'm okay ♪
♪ Secrets stolen from deep inside ♪
♪ The drum beats out of time ♪
♪ If you're lost you can
look and you will find me ♪
♪ Time after time ♪
♪ If you fall, I will catch
you, I'll be waiting ♪
♪ Time after time ♪
♪ You say, go slow ♪
♪ I fall behind ♪
♪ The second hand unwinds ♪
♪ If you're lost, you can
look and you will find me ♪
♪ Time after time ♪
♪ If you fall, I will catch
you, I'll be waiting ♪
♪ Time after time ♪
♪ If you're lost, you can
look and you will find me ♪
♪ Time after time ♪
♪ If you fall, I will catch
you, I'll be waiting ♪
♪ Time after time ♪